hey everyone i'm michaela peterson
jordan's daughter
i recently did a podcast on the michaela
peterson podcast with a really cool
actress and producer named jeanette
mccurdy
and in the episode which i have linked
below she spoke about her
extremely positive experience with dad's
self-authoring program
i told dad about it and he made a code
mp
for 15 off at self-authoring.com
and understandmyself.com in case anyone
was interested in getting it for
christmas
or for new year's here's the clip from
the episode where janette goes into her
experience with self-authoring
and if you're interested in the program
or gifting it mp
for 15 off you know your dad
specifically but i would imagine
like i mean he's changed my life i've
done this i've done his self-authoring
sweet three times i do it
every year oh my god i i have given it
as a gift to
everybody that i know i just think it's
so helpful in terms of like
getting you in check with yourself and
it's it's the
most realistic approach to like
accomplishing your goals and getting
your life on track
that i've ever seen it's like why would
you know what i mean why was
i i just i i i want everybody i know to
do it
oh that's that's cool to hear yeah i
think it's so helpful i did
self-authoring once
it takes that it takes a lot of
self-discipline i would say to go
through the exercises because they're
not
fun per se and they're not frilly so to
hear you've done it three times
it's pretty impressive yeah i literally
have my
i have my full my filled out ones in my
drawer in front of me
because i read them frequently so that i
stay on track
i mean i take it very seriously that's
such a good idea
so what are your goals then what do you
want to do um
i think i've done a pretty good job my
last ones were
like write a play was my first run i
wrote a play i didn't do anything with
it didn't like it
better regulate jealousy anger and fear
that was a huge one
that's hard i've come so far with that
like
they were really [__] hard emotions
for me to regulate before i just
didn't know how to handle them and i've
taken a lot of actions therapy
and whatnot to try and get better at
them and i've worked really hard
it's definitely helped me figure out
what goals to focus on in my life and
i think it's really helpful regardless
of what age you are
thanks a ton to jeanette mccurdy for
coming on the podcast